Welcome back. I'm Dr. Chaps. We're here at The Return, a National Day of Prayer and Repentance in Washington, D.C. You can see the U.S. Capitol behind me and...
Tony Perkins is a longtime friend of the movement. He is president of Family Research Council in Washington, D.C. Tony, welcome to the program. Dr. Chab's good to see you.
So, I'm...
I'm so humbled and honored to be part of this movement.
God is doing something here at the return, the likes of which I think our movement has never seen. Kevin Jessup and Rabbi Jonathan Kahn have been planning this for five years, and
and now it's all coming together. tens of thousands of people on the mall and it coincides with an event you marched in today with franklin graham. talk about that.
Yeah, I was fortunate enough to be able to participate in both events and it's, you know, this is a divinely organized day.
Yeah. When you think the president on Saturday afternoon making an announcement to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court, he actually wanted to do it earlier in the week. Yeah.
But it's being done after this place has been saturated with prayer. Right. And we've had thousands, tens of thousands.
That have converged on the mall here in Washington, D. C..
As you mentioned, marching from the Lincoln Memorial down to the Capitol, and it's...
It tells me and as I walked through there
Prayer groups, people off to the side praying, young people praying.
God is at work.
he is.
God is doing something and for these events to coincide on the same day for, as you said, tens or even maybe hundreds of thousands of people.
people here in Washington.
Um,
What is the purpose of the return? Why are people gathering to pray?
Well, America needs to return to God.
This also happens to be the 400th anniversary of the pilgrims coming to this country seeking to establish community based upon the word of God.
and they made a covenant with God. This is a covenantal nation and that we said we're going to follow you and God has blessed this nation but we've departed.
From that covenant.
When you look at what's been happening just this year alone,
Where you see the coronavirus that has people hiding in fear.
You've got the lawlessness in our streets, the looting. You've got the economic downturn.
You know, all of these things.
uh tell us that we're a nation that is in trouble and we need god and god has told us
In his word that if we will turn back to him if we will return to him seek his face as we humble ourselves and
We confess our sins.
He'll forgive us and he'll heal the land and that's what we need.
So you really think this is not so much a political movement, but a spiritual return to God and God's blessing may come? Yeah, yeah, this is not a political event.
Um...
Now, everything we do spills over into the culture. But as I mean, I'm not looking at this as a political event. This is not a political rally. This is calling America.
America to do business with God.
The politics, political leaders come and go. And we're still wrestling with the same issues. We were wrestling when I was in high school. They're only worse. Now, I'm grateful.
faithful for this president, the most pro-life president that we have ever had.
Thank you.
Religious liberty you know what religious liberty how it's been at stake even in our nation's military and the department of defense has been slow to get on board
on board with the religious freedom agenda of this president, but just recently releasing new guidelines for that. So a lot of cleanup still to be done in our military, but it's moving in the
moving in the right direction. So I'm excited that we've had four years of Donald Trump. I hope we have another four years of Donald Trump. But this.
It's about something much deeper, much more profound.
And much more lasting.
and that is a return to the god who established this nation, blessed this nation, and made it the greatest nation on the face of the earth.
And you talk about, you know,
Religious liberty is a political thing, but the right to assemble, the right to pray,
uh the right for churches to even have worship.
is under fire in some states like California because of the COVID crisis. There are governments coming after religious freedom across America and that's why family research council
Council has our back. Talk about the organization and what do you guys do? Well, we've been in the city since 1983. And what we do is we...
Advocate for policies
that affect the family from a biblical perspective. We're unapologetically Christian. We come at everything through the lenses of Scripture. But religious freedom is now in the land.
And the last 10 years has been our number one issue because it affects everything that we do as believers. You know, we're called, whether you eat or drink, you offer the glory of God. And so...
And so we believe you need to be able to do that in the workplace. You need to be able to do it at home.
Obviously be able to do it in the church but in entertainment. Everywhere we go in society we shouldn't have to check our faith at the gate or at the door. And so we advocate
advocate for that right. And again, this administration has been the most favorable in that sense. But here's the thing about our religious freedom.
Is that?
You know, we can't lock it away in a box and say we have a First Amendment and it's there and we're going to watch over it. We've got to use
We've got to exercise it and like you did it sometimes means we have to stand up
And we're going to face opposition, we're going to face ridicule, we'll be criticized even by some of our own friends.
But you know what? That's what happens when you have a fear of God, a reverence for God.
Because when you fear God,
And you reverence him.
The other stuff doesn't really matter. Yeah.
I've known you or known of you, I think for almost 15 years now as I've been part of the conservative movement, but I learned something new about you today.
And that is
I met your wife, Loana, and your father, and together you've been together for 38 years. You have five children.
And she told me,
You commute from Louisiana to Washington every week for this work.
I do. I've been doing that for 17 years. I'm back and forth.
Didn't want to move my family here.
Because I wanted my family unit to all be together with the extended family. And so I've been doing that for a while. Yeah.
So your commitment to your wife and children
Uh,
Is more important to you
Because you're the inconvenience of having to fly every weekend, he flies to see his kids and his wife.
You're leading, when they say family research council, you're leading by example.
with your own family. And we do. I'm here three to four days a week and I'm home. But we're very intentional about our time. I don't have any other interest other than our church.
Church and
And, you know, I've been discipling my children.
Since they were born and that's my first priority.
And my wife and I have always stayed in, you know,
These conversations is this working it's unorthodox i will tell you to to get on a plane every week for 17 years and fly up here but the lord has blessed us because we have energy
have intercessors. We put God first in our family. I have a wonderful wife who's homeschooled our children. And that's been probably the biggest issue is that I haven't had the opportunity
I go in and unprogram or deprogram my children from the indoctrination of the public schools. And so just the Lord's blessed us. We're grateful.
We're grateful for the opportunity he's given us to be at the Family Research Council for a whole decade.
Is there anything you want our audience to do? Should they go to your website, sign up for something? Well, here's what I would challenge folks to do, Dr. Chaps, is to, there's three things we're asking.
We're asking people to do prey.
Vote.
And stand.
and we have a website we're actually asking people to take the challenge.
to pray, vote, and stand. We want to see a million Christians that will take that challenge. Then go to PrayVoteStand.org, PrayVoteStand.org, and take the challenge to pray, to pray.
to pray for our nation.
To to vote their biblical values and to stand for truth in the face of this cancel culture.
I think that's good advice. PrayVoteStand.org is a website where you
Can get involved.
And, uh...
What better thing can we do for America but pray for our country
vote like the election depended on it because it does and stand for Jesus Christ and the culture of biblical values. Tony, thanks for coming.
Thanks for coming on the program. Dr. Japs, always great to see you. All right.
Our guest has been Tony Perkins. Our website is PrayInJesusName.org. Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.
Please donate when you visit or click on the recurring monthly pledge sponsor to become a regular sponsor of our program if you need prayer today pick up the phone and call us at 866-092-3666 or
Exhale, obey God. Exh
We'll see you next time.
If Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the air, would you please send your best financial donation today? Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online, or you can mail a check to PrayInJesus.org.
to pray in Jesus' name ministries. Post office box 77077 for Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970. You can also call us toll free right now at 866-ObeyGod.com.
That's 866-O-B-E-Y-G-O-D. Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org. Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org. Thank you.